feat: Introduce PQ Manifest `hot_reload` option for local manifests (#6987)
apollographql/router: .changesets/feat_trevor_manifest_hot_reload.md

### feat: Introduce PQ Manifest `hot_reload` option for local manifests ([PR #6987](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/6987))

> This change introduces a `persisted_queries.hot_reload` configuration option in order to allow the router to hot reload local PQ manifest changes.

Reviewer: Suggest leaving a link to the docs here:

```suggestion
This change introduces a [`persisted_queries.hot_reload` configuration option](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/graphos/routing/security/persisted-queries#hot_reload) to allow the router to hot reload local PQ manifest changes.
```

### feat: Introduce PQ Manifest `hot_reload` option for local manifests ([PR #6987](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/6987))

This change introduces a `persisted_queries.hot_reload` configuration option in order to allow the router to hot reload local PQ manifest changes.

> This change explicitly does _not_ piggyback on the existing `--hot-reload` flag.

Author: Done! [0ae2b2a](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/6987/commits/0ae2b2a89896cd19363fb5b5cb7a7521887d3102)
